I'd like to start by saying that no amount of explanation, backstory, or reasoning could ever excuse my behavior. I've failed everyone around me and deceived those who promoted me and what I was making. I'm a fraud, a 19 year old fraud. I started crof ~2 years ago, I can't recall if I was 16 or 17 at the time, my objective was to add it to the nahcrof premium subscription. Nahcrof was a social media site based around being similar to 4chan but more friendly and less degenerate and I wanted to try building something people would pay for, at the time I used patreon and set up a $6/month subscription and just wanted to add things to it so it would be enticing. It routed to groq since it was free and I didn't have the money to cover things on my own. For my backstory, outside of crof I've worked at two roughly minimum wage jobs, my mother has historically worked making about $21 an hour from what I recall and worked seasonally with about 3 months of no work each year. My job is seasonal as well and I wanted to keep the things I ran cheap, I didn't intend on marketing it fraudulently (though I recognize that my initial intentions don't excuse my final choices), I just wanted to offer AI in addition to my database hosting platform and use it as evidence that the database worked well. at one point I open sourced nahcrofDB (in all it's mediocre at best glory) and decided why not make my stupid AI project free, nobody uses it anyway. At that point I just tried any marketing scheme I could, I advertised it as an inference engine because admittedly I didn't understand the meaning of an "inference engine", I'd seen it on groq so I thought that was just the way you described an AI that only sells inference. By the time I'd learned enough about what words I was throwing out there to describe what I was building, I was far enough in that I got scared, when I felt guilty I'd think about how to solve the pit I'd dug for myself I'd get overwhelmed and decide that the easiest solution was to not think about it for now. I pushed off addressing what I'd been doing so long that eventually I found success beyone a few dozen dollars a month. My mom was proud of me and believed I'd done something impressive, my significant other got spoiled. Majority of the money I spent was either on things to build crof (servers I bought to run the site) or spent on my significant other. I didn't tell her about what I was doing until all this started (the blog post and such) so it's far from her fault, she had a seemingly successful and intelligent boyfriend who'd do his best to solve her problems with money. I've always thought that a "man" (whatever that means) would take car of and provide for his woman, and I did my best to achieve that; however, the method I used was beyond wrong and far from acceptable. While I'm thinking about it, if you have any doubts of my age, here: https://files.nahcrof.com/file/IMG_2444.png it doesn't clear everything up but it indicates that I did in fact recently graduate (this is the certificate of my significant other since I'm not at home right now and we graduated standing next to each other). I was born in 2007, if you're motivated and hate me enough I'm sure you could find enough additional information about me to prove when I was born, I haven't exactly tried to hide who I am in the past because I intended on building a legitimate service, there is an engine but it's mid at best, perhaps mildly faster than llama.cpp (it's base) with good configuration and per request speeds exceed sglang but that's about the extent of it. I intend on opensourcing it eventually but my focus at this point is on taking care of the mess I created. This is my fault, I fucked up, I deserve to be treated as such. Having finally told people about it and owned up to it, having finally looked at everything through a lens that doesn't care to pretend, I can't fathom my own decisions. Sure I feel bad because I got caught, but I've felt bad for months, I've felt like I was doing something wrong and been fully aware and that's something I can't physically manage to put in to words. Why would someone ever do something they completely acknowledge is wrong and are fully aware of being wrong? I could say I wanted to make people proud (which is true) but from a more objective lens that doesn't justify shit, nothing is fixd from pretending that my family thinking I'm smart somehow attributed to me deciding to do something I felt was wrong and carry on despite the growing pit in my stomach. Wanting to provide for a future wife doesn't justify it either, it doesn't matter how much of the world you promise to someone, it doesn't justify obtaining it through illegitimate means. As for how I plan to "recover", I'm refunding all existing credits on the service, if you have a balance on your account, you will receive a refund for the value of your balance. I recognize 100% that more refunds are deserved, but in all honesty, I plan on paying the taxes I owe, getting rid of this company, and hopefully moving on to something else. If I ever do more software development it will either be open sourced or it will be for a company where they have direct access to all of what I'm building (assuming anyone trusts me enough for that, I'll do my best to prove my worth but we'll see how that goes). I might update this over time but for now I believe I've said everything I can think of. If you're a friend of mine and you're reading this, I apologize for lying to you If you're a family member, I apologize for lying to you and letting all of you down, I apologize for aspiring to a low potentially worse than the very person you're probably aware of, given most of you despise him. If you're anyone else, someone who paid for the service, someone who trusted me as an individual, anyone at all, I'm sorry I did this, if I could go back in time I'd choose to continue practicing leetcode and just building random shit myself, I'd make it all open source and learn from judgement instead of being scared of people judging my poor code when I was younger. If you're my significant other, I'm sorry I failed you so incredibly miserably. You deserve better than this. If any of you hate me, I understand, if this comes across as guilt tripping to gain sympathy then I'm sorry it feels that way, and if my gramar is bad I apologize. I haven't taken an English class in a year or two so I'm a bit rusty. I'm sorry. (but no number of sorries could ever make up for this mistake. I fear this will haunt me for the rest of my life and I think that's likely what I deserve)